[Music]
an old lady beat me man, things are how they
are, go the good talking about podcast
greev has been on the three that I
thought this was over Hey but
I had in mind that club 113
had closed that they didn't do it anymore This
is about Nilo heda and him and this gorgo
and I don't remember who the other one was that
did it no But
honestly I don't know why it seemed to me
like they were weirded out But well,
gref went and talked about several things among
them werly werle is the other one okay among
them the thing about the old woman he tried to
disarm But well, he didn't win in the end the
problem with that is that what came out on
the news was what his lawyer said
well eh I want to remind you that I At
that time I also remember that
one morning I think it was I don't know
but I spent a lot of hours
going around contacts Calling
places not to try to find
information and and contrasting the
information I remember that something
very different came out to me than what
that woman's lawyer was saying, I mean, people did
n't have  very good image of the lady and
and Well the truth is that I was being a
little bit of a pain in the ass in the area the
lady So ​​when something has such a big
impact, in other words when they denounce you, you have
two options: to ignore the issue, which is sometimes the
most prudent thing to do, as an expert in
denouncements, to suddenly ignore the issue, but
when something has such a big impact
that all the Spanish media come out, and
the Spanish media, in my
case, are going to release the slightest thing because I
live in Andorra, then you have to
defend yourself a little. The problem is that I
defended myself and told the story, but of
course, what I can say in a
live broadcast doesn't even reach 10% of the people
who will have arrived. No, no. I knew that
my real estate company had
a building that was actually bought to be
renovated and then all of a sudden I
see the news that I am descended from
a grandmother and of course I contacted
the people on my team and I said, at
first when I saw the news, it
seemed so surreal that I said, well, I do
n't think this will happen much, it will be
news that comes out here in Andorra.
They ask me three times and that's it, but it was
done  echo to Spain and from Spain madness
when I saw the level of repercussions
even before I said Explain this to me because
I'm going to have to defend myself this
son of a [ __ ] is leaving a grandmother eh
without a home a grandmother who is
unprotected the word dessatiate what it
entails is throwing someone out of their
house and it's like something super obviously
to clear the move It's that the granny
won Yes but but she won it's that I don't
remember anymore I'm speaking from memory or
rather they were cross-claims they were
cross-claims but I don't remember I think one
claim was about whether
the verbal contract was valid or not and the
other was whether Gref could throw her out or not
meanwhile I don't remember what it was but I
think it was a claim they were
cross-claims one won one thing and the other
won the other thing it wasn't something like that not
to renovate a building Well you have to
notify the people who live there
Hey I don't know what the legal deadline is you have to
leave the apartment because this is going to be
renovated so well everyone
left their house without any kind of
problem and a lady well said she wasn't
leaving  go eh legally Well you have to
make that lady eh leave and
what my team told me is the
first thing you have to know is that this
lady doesn't live there she doesn't live there in the
house she doesn't live in the house and I said but
let's see how they got news from me
that I'm evicting a lady
who doesn't live in that house because of the
conditions that were practically
unlivable there and nothing the lady changed
houses but on a legal level that was like
her house there was like a ton of evidence
a ton of things and the lady at one
point finds out that I am the
owner says that I am the
owner and tells all this and says
that I am trying to evict her
This happened last year in 2024 it
also happened when the eslan was
in Andorra when the news came out
practically all the sponsors
of the eslan dropped out which is already an event that is
difficult to pay for So to speak eh
Well imagine that news comes out and The
magic of the situation is that we had been
waiting for the trial I don't know how long
and the news comes out and a month later  I was
holding the trial and everyone was
telling us no no this lady is going to have to
leave because obviously she hasn't
left her house for 3 years eh she has testified
everyone has testified even the
former owner saying that he already had
problems with this lady What if I don't
know what and she's going to leave 100% and suddenly
the trial is held and what they tell me
is look you know that the judge
hasn't looked at all the reports or
all the evidence he considered that
this woman was in an
unprotected situation and no and she's not leaving the house
and it's like but if she doesn't live there No way he says but
but such and I was wondering I mean
why wouldn't someone want to leave
their house if they don't live there anymore because they already
had a contract for 1900 I don't know what
the [ __ ] and what and that's it and that's why she
couldn't leave so of course I
found myself in a situation of saying man
a news story comes out that really makes
me look like the biggest son of a [ __ ] in the world
it's something that I haven't handled it's something that I've
never seen that lady in my life
Although also  I understand that people
ask me for responsibility because in the end
it's my real estate company what has come
out in the news is the version that
their lawyer has told and now for more
than true but the thing is that I just
got here broncano doing the
deitana dance and I got a little distracted or
rather I have my doubts I don't know if it's going to have
the same effect eh broncano
citana I'm also telling you eh But anyway Hey try try it
's fine
not that I defend myself that I defend myself I'll eat
a spectacular amount of [ __ ] and I'm
going to [ __ ] myself No no she doesn't live
there anymore and the building is still stopped and I
feel like detonating that building
also the lady was like
the lady is that my goodness What is that
Anica that you shared the lady was
from a family or so apparently from what
I was informing myself eh Andorra
There are like a few families no I mean
four in particular three four something like that that
are the main families of
Andorra not like the most powerful no And
this lady well she was from one of those
families but apart  like she's super
hyper mega rich, she didn't live there or anything, I mean, she just
started being a
bit of a pain in the ass, so I was
informing myself. But well, she won, no more.
And then, of course, in the end, you analyze it
and you say, "She won," okay. And what do you do? We may have
made mistakes, obviously. I don't
know. Maybe
an agreement could have been reached with the lady or
something like that. But, well, it happened,
like it happened, an agreement, cl. I
never got to know. Let's see about
Fran. First, I never got to know what
the lady was trying to achieve.
No, I mean, but what do you want,
money? You want money? You want to sell the
property, what do you want? No, I mean, I don't know,
honestly. I don't know. I don't know if it was just stubbornness. I don't
know if maybe she would want that to
continue as long as she was
alive, sentimental issue. Okay, I don't know,
honestly. I don't know, honestly. What are you
talking about in the chat? Like, it wasn't a
good idea. But position the podcast. I don't
understand what you're talking about. There's a
debate, there's no debate about the guest.
Well, that's what it's about. That's what it's about. Let's
see. I'll try to contact
I will try to bring people with
all kinds of opinions and so
on. Okay, anyone can come here
and freely express their
opinions. The guests are not
mine. I'm just interviewing.
Okay. Oh
[Music]